pyocient 3.4.0 release notes (#14)
ocient/pyocient_release: README.md

# Pyocient Release Notes

## 3.4.0

> - Added support for the PREVIEW DDL command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the PREVIEW DDL SQL statement.
```

> - Support cryptography versions greater than 42.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support cryptography versions greater than 42.0.0.
```

> - Fix a bug that returned -1 rows modified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that returned -1 rows modified.
```

> - Handle invalid DSN on the pyocient CLI more gracefully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the handling of an invalid DSN on the pyocient CLI.
```

> - Format unicode characters in JSON output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Formatted Unicode characters in JSON output.
```

> - Fix an issue where not all warnings were being reported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where not all warnings were reported.
```

> - Add the "messages" attribute to the cursor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `messages` attribute to the cursor.
```

> - Improved parameter expansion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved parameter expansion.
```

> - Support `loglevel` and `logfile` parameters on DSNs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supported `loglevel` and `logfile` parameters on DSNs.
```

> - Preserve the Connection object over reconnects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Preserved the Connection object for reconnects.
```
